fix: update `fonts.mdx` (#11632)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/experimental-flags/fonts.mdx

Determines when a font must be downloaded and used based on a specific [range of unicode characters](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@font-face/unicode-range). If a character on the page matches the configured range, the browser will download the font and all characters will be available for use on the page. To configure a subset of characters preloaded for a single font, see the [subsets](#subsets) property instead.

> This can be useful for localization to avoid unnecessary font downloads when a specific part of your website uses a different language and will be displayed with a separate font. For example, a website that offers both English and Japanese versions can prevent the browser from downloading the Japanese font on English versions of the page that do not contain any of the Japanese characters provided in `unicodeRange`.

Reviewer: I think the word "alphabet" was chosen specifically to refer to characters to be displayed, since we're talking about fonts. (Since e.g. English and French use mostly the same *alphabet*, just with some additional characters for accented letters in French.)

So I think alphabet may be a more precise distinction here, but I'll let Florian decide!

Reviewer 2: I'm not an expert of this CSS property but I believe alphabet is right there

> This can be useful for localization to avoid unnecessary font downloads when a specific part of your website uses a different language and will be displayed with a separate font. For example, a website that offers both English and Japanese versions can prevent the browser from downloading the Japanese font on English versions of the page that do not contain any of the Japanese characters provided in `unicodeRange`.

Reviewer 2: Don't forget to revert this line

weight: "100 900"
```

> If the value is set to `undefined`, Astro will try to infer the value based on the first [`source`](#src).

Reviewer: I think the idea of "left as default" is important, because no one will actively "set" a value of `undefined`.

There could be a better way to say this though! Perhaps:

```suggestion
When a value is not set, by default Astro will try to infer the value based on the first [`source`](#src).
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the value is not set, by default Astro will try to infer the value based on the first [`source`](#src).
```
I would say it like this, I kept `the` since we refer to the current property (eg. weight)

Author: Thanks for good point!

style: "normal"
```

> If the value is set to `undefined`, Astro will try to infer the value based on the first [`source`](#src).

Reviewer: Whatever we decide above, we'll do the same thing here!
